Let's find another example where we reuse the same markup.
So the good example would be to show when the post was added and by whom.
Because we also use that inside the Post's view.
So let's find one post which has comments like this one there is the same text here without an out or
so we can add it.
And also since we do not have our users assigned to the comments yet and well we do not have the form
for adding comments at all.
We also display when this was added but we doubt an outer.
We also know that we have timestamps so well we can also display when the comment was actually updated
so we can create a reusable component for this purpose.
So let's create a brand new file and we can call it something like updated blade BHP
and now let's head to the index template which we have created for displaying all the blog posts.
And initially we'll copy this code chunk which displays when the blog post was added using this for
humans and the name of the outer so moved that into this updated template.
Save the changes for now and are the new component alliance so blade component components updated and
let's call it update it doesn't really matter how you call it you can use whatever alliance you want.
So it doesn't have to be the same as the component last part of the component name.
All right.
So we have our component defined.
Now we have to create some slots inside it so we'll definitely need a date because all of those use
cases have a date.
So this won't be a default slot.
This would be our date.
Now we might want to use this component differently so it might be that we want to show the text under
it but we might also use updated.
So let's add a condition here.
So if
well we'll do it differently so we'll display slot if it is defined.
So the default value that you will pass to a component
if it's not passed will just display added by default with our space.
So it would be readable.
And then we'll add a condition
so if the name was specified we'll display the name here.
So that's another slot.
Now let's take a look at this component.
So the default value the default slot if it won't be provided will just use at it but it might be something
else like updated or deleted or whatever.
Now we'll add another slot date.
So this is mandatory and then an optional slot called name.
So if it is provided will displayed and it all will be inside a paragraph with a text muted.
Now let's go to our index and use this component.
So we do updated and updated now we won't pass any default slot here so we can ignore that.
But we will have some additional parameters that would be a date and a date would be post created art.
And actually what we can do is since we always want to display are difference for few months we'll just
move it to the template.
So instead of just echoing the date and calling this diff for humans everywhere we'll call it inside
the component.
So now what we can do is we can just pass the date US post created ARGs
and then additional parameter name would be post user name.
Now we can remove that part or at least comment it out and say let's see if that still works.
Now you can see that even if we have we haven't provided our default value for the slot it actually
does not display the text that we wanted.
So this one other one.
Well it is actually because whatever you have between updated and and updated is being passed to the
component as the default slot variable.
So this in this case is an empty text.
So this condition will never work because it is actually a defined variable.
It's not normal.
So what we should do instead is we should check if it's empty.
And also three meet.
So if the dream slot is empty then we'll display other otherwise we'll display the slot
so save the changes and refresh it.
Now it works as expected.
So let's reuse this component in the other places so we can now remove this part.
Well we can even shrink this component to be more to be shorter basically.
Now let's go back to our individual blog post and let's see where we can reuse that.
So we have it here.
What we have here a post created up and we haven't displayed name before but now we will because we
actually have a post which has a user so we can read the user name save the changes.
Now let's go to a blog post maybe let's find some that actually has a comment.
OK.
We have it where.
When it was uttered and by whom it was added and we use the same markup as we did on the index page
which displays all the blog posts.
And finally we can even use that for comments but this time we only have a date.
We do not have a name.
So we just want to provide name only the date but actually it has to be a comment created that.
Now let's see.
And you can see that we have used this same code.
Now if you would also like to display when the blog post was updated you can use updated art.
And while this time we won't use the name because we actually do not keep who updated the post only
when it was updated so we can display it here save the changes refresh.
And this time we actually have to specify the text so it was updated.
Now you can see that this was added three weeks ago and updated 20 hours ago.
So we reuse the component at least four times right now.
Now in the next lecture will finally get to our cards on the right and we'll use a little bit more complicated
examples of larval blade components.